From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, NerdMelt meter, Harmontown, now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Hello. Hello everybody. Hi. Hi, how are you? Let's get down to business.
How you doing, Dan?
I'm good. Sorry I brought the energy down with my hello. I don't know why I did that.
I just created it as a pregnant pause, pregnant with possibility.
Oh, impregnated by possibility, pregnant with potential.
Now you brought the mood down.
All right, Jeff, let's run through my notes.
Hey, okay, so are there any British people in the audience?
All right, wow.
So what is with the word aluminum?
Because we, it's spelled, did we discover it?
And then they heard about it but didn't see how it was spelled?
I think they think they discovered it because Kate, my Scottish ex-girlfriend,
she was emphatic about aluminium and wouldn't hear otherwise.
There's an eye that's not there.
It's not like nuclear where we say it wrong.
You know, I would definitely just assume that, you know, we're Americans
and whoa, we do everything wrong but they're wrong about this.
Aluminium, knock it off.
All right.
Hey, do you think dogs know how to share with each other?
No.
Okay, all right.
I think dogs are a packed mentality.
There's alpha, beta and so on.
And so the beta will always defer to the alpha of any group.
Right.
And so when there's owners there, because we have these sticks, these like pepperoni sticks
that the dogs really like.
They love them.
But Harvey, the big one, he eats, he tries to eat them slow
and you can see him watching Nigel, the little tiny one.
And like Nigel just puts it between his paws and does that little thing
or he's just like nibbling at the end and he just loves licking and nibbling it
with his little needle teeth.
And Harvey just sits across the room and watches him while he like chomps it
like a candy bar.
It's like gone in three bites but he wishes it wasn't and he just stares at Nigel
and then he starts doing laps.
But he's like, he's got one eye on Nigel and one eye on me all the time.
Like, because I think that means that he know, I think if I walked out of the room
he'd steal the other dogs thing.
Let me look at Rents of the Litter.
The puppies won't share the teats.
One puppy is going to be the, you know, get no milk and be a little runt.
Right, but dogs have to get socialized into the rule.
I mean, yeah, puppies certainly don't share.
Of course, they're like little blind larvae that are just looking for...
They probably don't even know they're not sharing.
They probably think they are.
The mother is just...
I guess I disagree with you about the guys we found out.
But the mothers don't even like try to distribute evenly.
They just lay there and say, first come, first serve, baby.
Yeah, what do you do?
Do the mother dogs, do they go like, alright, come on, this guy doesn't do as much.
No, they lay there and just go, Jesus Christ, I got 17 people sucking on my tits right now.
How would you feel, Dan?
Do you think that feels good?
Because I just thought that would feel good.
When you said that, I was like, well, that would feel 17 times as good as when you get a little nipple play.
My nipples are extremely sensitive. I don't like a whole lot of nipple play.
Yeah, we've been over this.
You said you're not a nipple guy.
I just don't need a whole lot of it.
Well, that's the beauty of nipples. That's the point.
I mean, I don't really need any of it.
Alright.
Or back to alienation.
I thought maybe there was a misunderstanding.
No, you know they're supposed to be sensitive.
That's the selling point.
I think mine are more sensitive than people that enjoy it.
Because it's like, hey, it's really like it's a lot. It's an overload.
Alright.
So, a pop culture corner.
I don't know what that other stuff was.
Sometimes a society's made out of things that aren't art or education.
Or war. We call them pop culture.
Where'd you get that?
That is our friend Kevin McLeod who gave us a family slide.
From the clan McLeod.
Holy ground.
I'm choosing for some ass.
I got something to say.
It's better to burn out than fade away.
It's Highlander.
Okay, so there's a hot hamburger.
That's it. It's been in the news for ages.
If you don't know, you're not hip.
There's a hot hamburger.
They got Jake Gyllenhaal playing the hamburger now.
Yeah, Jake Gyllenhaal.
Hey, have you seen that movie Nightcrawler?
Is that Jake Gyllenhaal?
Okay, good. I always get them confused with the other guy.
Who's the other guy?
Martin Luther King.
Yes, I'm sure they're sick of seeing each other in casting sessions.
I have a nightmare that Jake's out for this part too.
That was my Martin Luther King impression.
I'd like some toast.
It's a very sensitive, very cautious Martin Luther King impression.
Hello.
Do you know the way to the library so I can continue to be a very smart person?
My name's Martin Luther King.
I was murdered.
Oh my God, a ghost! A ghost!
Yeah, I'm here. It's me.
I'm a ghost.
Ooh!
I don't know what... I'm on a weird...
Are you a viewer?
Dr. King, what's your favorite thing to go hunting now that you're a ghost?
Well, you know, as you know...
I don't want to do the whole dream thing.
Like Freddy Krueger, you know?
You know, every time you have a dream and then I'm there and it's like, this is my dream.
Because I feel like fun's fun, but it undercuts my larger message.
I don't want to turn the importance of my life into a bit in death,
even though I will be dead far longer than I was alive.
And that is something you should be warned about.
It's going to get boring.
Enjoy it and stop being racist. I don't know how many times I have to say it.
It's a waste of your life.
Is there racism in the afterlife?
There are racist ghosts. There are people who died racist.
And so they can't get not racist.
They're just walking around going, look at all these black people.
And they're upset. And that's what they deserve.
Because they can't do anything about it.
They can't integrate with non-corporeal hands.
You can't separate people when your body is a vapor.
They deserve it.
And I was not famous for being a judgemental person in my life.
But I think they deserve it.
When I died, I had two immediate thoughts.
One was like, why the fuck am I not in heaven? This is insane.
Why am I a ghost? Me.
And then my second thought was like...
If you're a ghost, it's neither heaven nor hell.
That's purgatory kind of style or what? Is that the deal?
Well, I ain't seen no harps.
I ain't seen no harps. Someone just repeated it in the audience.
Anyways, look, I was never going to make an exciting ghost.
That's the fact.
Who's your role model ghost? Who's your favorite most entertaining ghost?
I'm glad you asked. Come on out. Come on out, Napoleon.
Suck my boo! Suck my boo!
I didn't think of it the first time.
I said boo and then I was like, oh fuck boo boo!
Napoleon, wait, hang on. You just came up with Suck my boo just now in front of us?
Yeah, yeah, we will!
I'm constantly inventing and experimenting.
You've been dead for like almost 200 years.
Wee!
There's a thousand things to do when you die. You float around.
You look at the people. Suck my boo!
I just now got to LA. I never knew about it.
Oh, I'm a Napoleon ghost.
Napoleon, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine. I got ghost pneumonia.
But you can't die from ghost pneumonia, can you?
No, that's why it's so bad. You just keep coughing.
You can't get rid of it. There's no ghost medicine.
Why do I sound like Cheech Marin?
You sound like Cheech Marin who might have lived in Frankfurt for a while.
Dave's not here, man!
Alright, so anyways. Yeah, that was Pop Culture Corner.
Yeah, you guys like segments, right?
I'm just staring at my phone. There's not a lot on here.
Look, I just wanted to, you know, I think we have some entertaining guests.
But we do have to, as I tweeted, we don't have Spencer tonight.
But we're going to make the best of it, you know?
Yeah.
A general malaise is falling out of the crack.
Maybe the ghost of Spencer will come by.
Well, I don't mean that he died.
I mean, the ghost of his presence. The ghost of his enthusiasm.
Which I do think died around episode three.
I would believe that his enthusiasm is a ghost walking around somewhere.
Alright, so, okay, so, well, I don't know how to bring things down, but, like, so, like, alright, dog sharing.
Alright, so, well, they got that, they got that new Uber program.
They keep adding the things. It keeps getting, there's like more and more things in the bottom of Uber.
And now the thing on the left most is Uber Pool, where you can, like, pool with Uber people.
And then Aaron was like, I don't think I'd ever do that.
She's like, well, wait, I'd do that before I'd take a regular Uber because of all the, you know, harassment and creepy creepiness that goes on in your average Uber.
And I was wondering if that was their point. Like, maybe Uber Pool is them, like, because they can't say Uber chaperone.
Like, maybe they really are like, hey, for the ladies, well, there'll be another person there.
Alright, so...
Aren't you just doubling or tripling down on more guys getting in the car with your wife and saying like, hey, who are you guys doing later on?
Well, I guess that's what, that was my thought, was like, how likely is it, how does this pool thing work?
I was wondering if maybe that's like a, maybe it's a fake thing, where the third person is always just a licensed social worker or something.
A federal marshal, yeah.
And they're just like, they just clear their throat a lot whenever the driver's like, should I take a left up here?
No, no, take a right. Oh, sweetie, you don't know anything.
Yes, okay, left end.
Yeah, anyways, so, okay, so do you think Curtis Armstrong is mad at us?
No, why? What happened?
I don't know. He said he was going, because I'm always drunk during the show and I don't know if like...
Did anything happen at the end of the last show he was on?
No, not at all.
Okay, just making sure.
We professed our love to him, he accepted that love.
I was at the top of the show and then I was like, okay, now the other shoe is going to drop.
And then usually the show ends in a blackout for me.
Like, I don't really, I kind of have to listen to the end of the show.
That's why our role-playing games are so bad. Like, by the end of the show, I'm a little gone.
So, like, I can't, it's a little bit of a fog, you know?
And I was, I remember talking about boxers and, you know, we touched on, I don't know.
I couldn't remember, like, because, well, he just, he hasn't responded to my direct tweets,
which is how we usually communicate.
And I just, I've just been really paranoid about Curtis being upset.
What are you raising?
He says he's going to England.
He says he's going to England, yeah.
But, I mean, yeah, Twitter there.
Yeah, he's with his daughter.
They don't have, they don't have the word aluminum there, but they have Twitter.
All right, fine, he's like spending time with his daughter.
He doesn't check his tweets.
Fine. Good.
I'm not, I'm not going to be worried about it.
I think you're fine. I think you're fine.
All right.
I think he's very happy here.
And I think there was a, if there was anything, there was maybe a moment of sincerity where
we all agreed that we all like each other.
And then we talked about how long it took for us to hang out and then it took for ages
for us to actually hang out as friends and not like meet at a party or whatever.
Yeah, that was at the beginning.
By the end of the show, though, it was like, we were talking about boxing and I was like,
well, it'd be great if McDonald's black people, blah, blah, blah.
And I just don't know if I like, if that bulldozer had any casualties, you know, if anybody.
I don't think so.
I mean, ask them.
Justin just brought your mail.
Do you get paid to do the show?
Is that, is that your check?
Cis boom bah.
What is the sound of a sheep exploding?
I'm stealing from Johnny Carson, everybody.
Johnny Carson.
No, no, I have a note about our guest tonight and what his, if we play Shadowrun, what his
character will be.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Well, I actually, we should bring up our first guest.
I'm kind of excited because we haven't, I don't think we've ever, we haven't really
had a lot of, is he, is he back there?
What's that?
Yes.
He's back there, right?
Okay.
Because we, we never, we've never done the political thing, like in the sense of like,
like we've never had anybody come on the show to actually help, help them politically.
Like this is kind of an exciting thing, like to have a show, you know, like the Daily Show
or something like that, where people announced their candidacy.
Well, I mean, now it's, it's, it's, it's presidential election season.
Right.
And we've become a very important show.
Yeah, but what, but I, I, I truly hope, Dan, that we're not gonna, like no one's gonna come
on the show and use that to stump for their, for their own political game.
I think that any candidate that was gonna come on the show would be doing so because
they had decided that this, this demographic is savvy and young and critical thinkers and,
you know, it's skeptical and that their votes matter the most.
And what is sure to be a very important election.
I mean, you guys know how I feel about politics.
I didn't, I didn't, when I heard this guy was coming on the show, I didn't at all have
to say, wait, who's that and have DeMorge explain it to me.
It's, you, you, you, you, well, there's a, it's a, he's a, he's a Republican candidate
and he's, he's, he's been in the news a lot lately.
He's a little controversial, but, but he's, he's, I have no, I don't know anything about
him and, but I know you guys have heard all about him and you're always tweeting about
him.
Let's welcome Bernie Sanders.
Senator Bernie Sanders.
Wow.
Wow, wait.
Senator, pleasure to meet you, Senator.
You can just grab any mic you want to sit anywhere you feel comfortable.
I assume the mics were rigged with union workers.
That's good to know.
I should clarify the introduction.
I'm not a Republican.
Oh.
I'm an avowed socialist.
I'm the only independent senator from the state of Vermont in the United States Senate,
but I'm running for president as a Democrat because, well, I like to change things up.
I got, I got my information wrong from DeMorge.
I thought you were like the new Herman Cain.
Look, you get your information wrong like the American people get inaccurate information
from the mainstream media, which is controlled by five corporations.
It's the same situation.
What we're fighting against is the top 1% that controls more than the bottom 60% combined.
And if you look at the numbers closer, it's the top 10% of the top 12% of the top 1.1%
year on year labor adjusted statistics.
Yeah.
That has more growth than a lot of, a lot of, a lot of further statistics further down the line.
I can't argue with that.
So, well, I mean, I mean, we've all seen those charts and stuff about wealth distribution.
What do you say to the people that say like,
Did you know that over two thirds of charts that are used to illustrate economic data contains
more blue and red graph sections than the 99% of the working class 40% that operates somewhere
with between the chocolate and vanilla layers of the middle class cake?
Senator Sanders, do you feel that a lot of people think that you might be drawing votes away from Hillary?
Sure.
No, I don't think there's any danger of that and everybody working on my campaign is well aware.
Is there any truth?
I never want to be a gotcha question kind of interviewer.
That's fine.
My life is an open book specifically.
It's a 20,000 page printout of the Bureau of Labor Statistics report for the fiscal year 2014 to 2015.
And it's all dot matrix too.
It's all dot matrix printer.
Well, yes, because I believe in fiscal accountability.
So I print on very cheap paper, which is still a dot matrix printer.
If I need further copies, I use a mimeograph machine because I'm from the 1970s.
Senator Sanders, is there any truth to the allegations that your hair is actually a sideways wig?
Look, I hope we delve into some hard numbers after this because I think this is a distraction from the issues.
But since it's brought up, I will address it for the people.
My hair is harvested on a monthly to bi-monthly basis to provide cotton candy for younger Americans who come from a socio-economic background where they could not afford cotton candy.
And as you know, the summer months are approaching, so I've donated recently my real hair as cotton candy to some lower income children in Vermont.
And yes, I do replace it with two wigs that I'll lower it onto my head by union labor, like Darth Vader, in the rotunda of the Capitol building.
I think both DeMorge and I, in the green room when we heard your name, thought you were that black guy, that crazy doctor guy?
Look, I don't agree with them on the issues, but I respect them.
Bernie, the other one.
Look, I think I compare very well.
Ben Carson?
I'm so relieved that DeMorge also had no clue.
I'm way out of the loop here.
Look, wishful thinking.
Look, I'm a presidential candidate that everyone agrees with on everything, but no one will vote for me.
I think you sound like you're singing my tune, for sure.
If one-third of the two-thirds who support my positions were to vote for me, that would be one-sixth of the population that would vote for me, and we wouldn't win the election either.
Oh, okay.
So you think it would be difficult?
You don't think you're going to win?
Look, I don't think I'm here to talk about winning and losing.
I think that's the problem with American capitalism, that we've been obsessed too much with the losers.
And that's how the middle $40 billion in the federal budget goes to the top 1% of the top 2% of the top, let's say, 17% of the country.
Is this just kind of a thinly veiled ploy, this bid for the presidency?
Are you aiming to maybe settle in at Vice President?
Look, I don't have any aspirations further than maybe a nice walk, maybe a nice cup of warm chocolate from time to time.
Mr. Sanders, is there any truth?
Hold on a second.
Let me finish the question, Mr. Sanders.
If provoked, I will, filibuster.
Let me finish the question.
Is there or is there not any truth to the allegation that you are wearing my mom's glasses?
That's a reasonable question because what I am doing is wearing glasses that are of the model that is widely available to librarians and mothers across this country
who have to work in humiliating conditions as public workers in the education and library systems.
And so in solidarity, I wear the glasses that are the minimally covered glasses that you have to wear if you have public health care in these professions.
Look, see, we're resonating with people who will not vote for me, but we're resonating with them.
They don't even correct my vision to the right degree.
I wear them merely to be in solidarity with the hardest working people of this country.
I've been very impressed by you, what little I know about you.
You've been very strongly in support of women's rights and equal pay.
I feel like that would be the most appealing thing for me as a voter is that you actually stand up for the women.
Look, women are 50% of the population.
How many percent is 50%?
Look, the bottom 40% of all 50% is equal to the top 12% of the middle, I don't know, Avogadro's number.
I feel like I really have this urge to bring Barack Obama out here and have you guys have like a little debate.
Look, I would be happy to go toe-to-toe with the President of the United States.
Let's bring him up. Let's bring him up, Barack Obama.
Is he here? Is he here?
I think he might be taking a shit.
Oh, okay, he's here.
Mr. President, Mr. President.
Mr. Obama, sorry about that.
Mr. President, how was your shit?
It was a bit brief.
Now in the green room, Mr.
Certainly it was instantaneous.
If elected president, my shits will all be short in duration with minimal about spent out of the federal budget on cleaning up the smell of the room afterwards.
These are your salad days.
You can say things like that.
And you can mean.
I'm sorry, did you say salad days?
Yes.
Do you need anything as exotic as salad?
My diet consists of oatmeal mostly.
Okay, an occasional porridge.
And if it's a celebration, I get some raisins.
Isn't that a bit extravagant, Mr. Sanders?
Look, a box of raisins in 1970 contained over 40 grapes that had been shrunk down to an edible raisin size.
Today, over 40 years later, that same box of raisins contains over 20% less grapes from farm to plate because of Monsanto and genetically modified organisms,
which I will fight to stop in the impossible scenario where I occupy the White House for even two or three weeks before the Pentagon calls a coup d'état.
Because I am simply unacceptable to anyone with power to be in the office.
But you are also implying that also likewise, you don't think people will vote for you, although all the powerless people, you know what I'm saying?
Of course, the grandpas of the world don't want you anywhere near the throne, but you think the voters of the world are also a little jaded.
Well, that's what I'm running for.
I'm running for the young people, the people out there who are burdened.
Now, I'm entering a pandering section.
You see, here's the thing.
Sure.
Wait, hold on. Let me know my bloody tunes of stopping sound.
Go ahead.
You can talk a fair game right now.
Sure.
When you get into the room, the oval room, there's a red phone.
The red phone might ring. It might be the middle of the night.
That's no concern to me. I'm color-blind.
I'll treat every phone of every color with the same respect that I would treat an average gray phone operating year on year on original AT&T payphone-wise.
Okay.
Mr. Obama, if I might, Mr. President, I might say, I think, look, I respect you as a person.
And as an antagonist over a nice game of mahjong.
And don't forget, Mr. Sanders, Senator, I guess you're a Senator.
I thought you were a doctor because I thought you were a completely different human being.
You could use his support. I mean, you're not even running against him.
Like, this might be a good time to...
Look, I would, but I'm not accepting support from any corporations or any human being that's made up specifically of corporations.
Which includes Mr. Obama, and as much as I respect you as a person, I think that you, as a labor organizer, did more good for this country than you have occupied the White House.
Look, the cadence and the volume was there for the crowd to agree, but still to this day, not even in the waiting days of a presidency that could only be argued as a failure, people are still on his side, comedically, room by room.
I think this country...
I would argue that these days are not waiting.
I think this country is ready for a socialist Jewish president. I think that would be an awesome change of pace.
Look, I don't think there's a problem with that, but look, I think, look, if people worry that that's unpopular socialist Jewish, don't worry.
I'm also an atheist, and I used to...
Look, I have a very popular time everywhere I go.
I get thanked. I don't think we need to dwell on that any further.
I think, look, the bottom 40% of the top 60% of the 11% who've even heard of me have 50-50 opinions on whether I look good on C-SPAN.
Senator Sanders, what flavor is your cotton candy here?
Look, it's traditional sugar flavored, and this was the result of a freak accident when I was a young man.
I saw The Grateful Dead at Brandeis University, and there was some very strong lysergic acid that I sampled at the time,
and it all took me, not unlike Peter Parker, sort of superhero, except that my hair turned into cotton candy because it was an outdoor event,
and that's what we were eating, and there was sweetness along with LSD, and so it's a debilitating, it's a gift and a curse, you might say.
When your hair tastes so good, when you're doing a speech, a 17-hour speech, like I do on a Tuesday, just when I feel like it,
it's a humiliating when another senator like John McCain gets up after you and just sort of licks your hair and grabs it and licks it like a goat.
That's humiliating, and as president, I would only allow that on Sundays and certain holidays.
Thank you. I'm a little intimidated. This is the largest crowd I've performed for. We've been doing fundraisers throughout Southern California.
I think you've found your people. We've got about 40 bucks out of it.
I'm sad about how jaded and cynical and kind of disheartened you've already become, and I just met you.
Do you know there are guys like you out there?
I'm the picture of optimism, but I don't believe in irrational optimism. People say you either think the glass is half full or half empty.
I believe that the glass can increase year on year with targeted investments in certain sectors, that the share of the glass for the bottom 40%
can be equal to what the share of the glass for the top 10% is using real dollars inflation adjusted back to the original statistics used to the Great Depression.
And if that's not a ringing endorsement of the potential of the American people, I don't know what is.
I guess some people just want to hear, you know, we're going to kick butt overseas and we don't have to be afraid.
Look, I'm not a jingoist in favor of laws that are necessary. If there's any butts that's going to be kicked, they're going to be voluntary butts.
You mean people that want us to go to war with them?
Look, if I think that kicking butt should be like abortion, I think it should be safe, legal and rare.
And I think it should involve consenting adults, whatever possible.
As far as foreign policy, I don't believe we should have one. I think that we should pull all our military forces back and replace it with some brownies that we maybe
have a big sale of some kind in an international scale, which has never been tried anywhere except Norway and look at them.
All right, well, I mean, I've never...
And I am a fan, by the way. I'm a fan of the show, the community show.
Oh, you like it, the old community?
Yes, I think it's a fantastic look at what we need to be doing for American young people who are in the education system and the burden of student loans that they have to face.
Yeah, you don't mean moving to...
The top 12% of the middle 6% of the 17, 5% of the, let's say, APR of 11.7% is equal to all graded there.
Now, this is an algebra problem. I don't even know the answer to this. I'm just posing it to the people.
Given X, what is Y? Carry the one, but the problem is the middle class no longer can't carry the one because the two burden carrying the two and the five.
All right, Senator Bernie Sanders, everybody.
Thank you, Senator Bernie Sanders.
Thank you for coming out.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Sorry, Mr. Obama.
If you want any more, you can go to my website, BernieSanders.org forward slash, why not, Bernie?
Bernie Sanders. Thank you, Senator.
I didn't, like, Jim Orange, will you stay please?
What?
Can someone call me an Uber, please?
What happened?
He and I were talking last week about Herman Cain and Ben Carson.
And so when I heard Bernie, I immediately switched to Ben Carson instead of giving you a whole Ben Carson.
Because it just, it is in Adomian's wheelhouse to come in as Ben Carson.
That was James Adomian, everybody. James Adomian.
It is well in his wheelhouse.
We've never had someone come out and just do a dedicated one-off character like that.
No, yeah. I don't know if that's, I don't know if that's what he wanted to do.
You think you could get Bernie Sanders to come out and play Shadowrun with us?
Or would there be too much percentage points in APRs?
You could get him to do a lot of that.
For example, when I was going on my Ben Carson, Herman Cain run, he, for about an hour straight, was just doing Pat Buchanan to a room of kids who had no idea what the fuck I was doing.
So much so that afterward I was doing amazing Pat Buchanan impressions to people because I was just copying him.
We've had him on before.
Aaron and I have talked about how we like his impressions come from a different school of thought spiritually kind of than the rich littles where you just figure out how someone talks and then you kind of repeat.
I don't know. He always sympathize with the people that he's mocking.
Like he makes you like them. Like they're underdogs and they're the heroes of their own stories.
Yeah, we're fighting position. A thief never knows he's a thief. He always thinks he's doing good work.
Yeah. And I love that I can just be at a party and like I just say, hey, Marc Maron, is it okay if I have these chips and then he does Marc Maron?
Or Eddie Pepitone.
I've got it. My wife is in a vat of blue water.
He does the most amazing Eddie Pepitone. Two Pepitone. There are Pepitone shows where he'll heckle him as Pepitone.
One of these days maybe not to be presumptuous, but the most flattering thing in the world would be to have him heckle you as you.
I'm sure the wheels have already started.
That's a human impression. The man does nuts though.
You know who did a good one at one point was Abed Gheith, a real Abed. He did a pretty good, good Dan Harmon.
He physically becomes everybody, but he can't do the impressions necessarily, but he can physically become and do the mannerisms of everybody. It's very shocking.
Abed, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's kind of how I got to know him. He was at a party and everyone was gathered around in a circle.
Everyone was shouting names that this guy was contorting with each name and was on overload.
Looking back on it, that may be how we broke him.
He was already there.
He was an accountant when he walked into that party.
I'll never forgive you for that because I introduced him as a Republican. I didn't even know where the hell was going.
I tried to correct him. Once he came in, I was like, what are you doing? He told me, I went, oh, fuck, I complete.
So we tried to rewrite it and get the message.
Oh.
Well, that wouldn't have helped. That's exactly the information I had.
I just don't know who these people are.
I'll bite the bullet on all of that. That's my thing.
Who is it? Can we talk about the other guy though? He's a doctor.
This is a new tradition in the post-Obama Republican world.
There is this effort on the Republican side always and it will not get, and I shouldn't even say this because I don't want to give them the key to the portal,
but they refuse to access, people like us, our age, who are Republicans and have a sense of how to run the Internet,
how to promote through the web, how to do other things.
They really do run off this hierarchy that the elders know better and they're consistently out of touch.
Every run of these campaigns, they focus on, right now, it's because of Obama, it's a black thing.
They try to find some sort of minority savior.
Trying to find, and then that's where it goes into fear mongering because then they go, okay, what part of the black culture are we going to do appeal to?
Do you look at the way that they gravitated to Herman Cain last time, which is hilarious because this guy, there was no part of that guy that was serious at any point.
And yet, there was a six week period where he was the leader.
He was the guy.
They had all eliminated.
Bachman turned out to be a head spinning freak.
You know, there was a Rick Perry did everything he could to blow it, including that moment where he went to Vermont.
They gave him a bottle of maple syrup and he was tripping balls on pills and booze.
Manow wrote nothing for two days. She just played that full tape for two days of him kissing a bottle and then gesturing to women in the audience.
He was fucking insane.
And so here comes Herman Cain.
Keep in mind at this time when he finally had to go, when he finally had to go, his dismount was somebody, he was giving a speech, not about saying goodbye because he actually never said, I quit.
He said, I'm suspending my campaign for the rest of my life.
But a person, he's on satellite feed and somebody's walking right now.
How you doing, man?
He's like sitting there staring in the space because it's just everything that he's done and everything.
So you've got to deal with now and where do you go when you've got six weeks in the spotlight.
And now you leap.
And he said, a man once asked me if I could be any ice cream, which one would I be?
And I said rocky road because it has been a rocky road to the president.
This is what he said.
And this guy was the leading candidate.
If he opened with that, if that's how we started off, then we would like that guy.
You said something that distracted me back there, a ways, a stretch, as the Republicans say, back there as the crow flies, a yonder.
Do you really think that there is?
I mean, I know that there is such a thing as the concept of a fiscal Republican that doesn't give a shit about any of this like other voodoo that we've come to associate with this tent.
But still, don't you think that they've crunched those numbers?
Because that would be less work for them if they thought that there were so many young people out there that would just answer the call of pragmatism financially.
You implied that maybe you think that, that there's like a tragedy for the Republican Party, that they're hung up on this non-economic crap, as if they could somehow get the popular majority in an honest way.
All I can talk to you about is this.
My contemporaries who don't agree with me politically, the ones that I get in serious discussions with, where the argument is not about shutting somebody up, about talking louder than somebody.
Where it's about the actual mathematics of argument and rhetoric, where if you know something that I don't know, we're going to hash this out until I know what you know.
But if you don't, shut the fuck up and take my information and move on, these kinds of arguments, which are based on logic, which we don't teach.
We don't teach in public schools, we don't teach logic, we don't teach civics.
So you have kids going to public venues and pissing on walls because they don't realize they own a part of that.
You have people, you know, saying, I don't hear you, I don't hear you, I don't hear you, because they don't understand that that's not an argument.
They think that I had an argument with my friend. No, you didn't. You have a discussion about anything.
They've been infantilized. I mean, they've taken that we had, you know.
Well, they've been limited in what they've been, in terms of how they can see the world.
But the ones that I have serious arguments with, those people, continue right.
They write for Bush. I mean, I have friends who are Democrats who actually wrote for Bush, because that was the job that they could take.
It was the best job that they could take.
And also, there's barely any difference between those jobs.
Okay.
Because you're writing. I used to write ads for Coke, but fuck, I can only work for Pepsi. What am I going to do?
No, but that's it, but that's literally it.
Oh, wait, it's refreshing again. Fuck it.
That's always my job.
Vote red.
I was sitting, sorry.
Brought to you by Frito-Lay.
But wait, wait, wait. I want to merge it.
Jeff, Jeff, I want to merge and finish this thought.
Jeff, I want to merge it.
They're saying, but they're saying, they're...
Dan, let's merge, finish this thought.
I wouldn't have done the fifth one. I wouldn't have done it.
How many comes with fives, man? How many comes with fives?
No, they're... Yeah, these people are my friends.
They're all over the place. They're my colleagues and everywhere.
But, you know, they're tapping in now.
They got sidetracked by this Tea Party thing.
There's this whole neocon thing of creating enemies and creating arguments where there are no arguments.
It's because you think that your populace is going to vote for you no matter what.
And you've got to search out certain areas and own those areas,
and it expands and expands and expands.
There's a hierarchy to set up that they bought into.
It's been going on since the early, mid-70s or whatever.
Right, I was just saying, you and I were born into this, so I don't even know...
Yeah, and it stepped up when Clinton went into office immediately,
where they sort of threw out all of the understanding of how...
The things, the graces that you allow the president to do for better or for worse.
Because of cable TV and like...
I don't think it's panic. It's just hunger.
They want their power back. They had power for X amount of years.
They did everything that they could.
So they just became the other political party because it became like a world where you could get elected by...
from their perspective.
By lumping everyone in that wants hope and change or whatever the rhetoric is for it.
So then they became ironically this horrible shadow monster
that makes the really easy villain because they're constantly lying
and then engaged in all kinds of open-faced hypocrisy.
They sort of have no choice now but to buy into...
not the younger minds that have a symbolic resonance for it.
Because they've gotten burned on that now.
This woman in South Carolina who was insane that they put in office.
They were like these pockets where they pick young people and say, this is our mass head.
And then they turn out to be ill-qualified.
These Joe DePlummer guys you mean?
Any of them. These are actual people running.
They shore up and they end up winning.
Because they look good on the surface and then they don't know what they're doing.
They don't know how to legislate. They don't know how to govern.
You can tell that that's what they thought Barack Obama was.
I was paying a little bit of attention this last time because it was a long time ago
and I still had something in me that was a little bored.
I was getting drawn in because Barack Obama was so charismatic
and the other side was so uncharismatic that it actually made politics.
Although constantly nauseating as always.
I refuse to believe in any of it.
But the drama of it I really did enjoy because he really was.
I really enjoyed watching him in this sort of Nazarene capacity.
Just like, you know, just like them throwing all this shit at him.
Well, no, I'm not going to be careful because it's not going to be fun.
I'm not going to fucking care at all. What do you mean?
He was an awesome ninja Christ figure because he did not resort to...
He was diplomatic and gentlemanly and classy and humorous
and it was fun to watch him win because of his personality.
And it was fun to watch the bad guys get so angry.
What was not fun, at least for me, is that in the run-up to that
he had to run within his own party and at each point that somebody fell challenged by him
there were people... I mean, Hillary had that critical Ohio weekend
where she released that red phone ad on Friday.
This sort of borderline race-baiting ad with the stock footage
of a young white girl in a bed and a phone ringing
a mushroom cloud and then a picture of bin Laden.
This is crazy.
The implication was that because she's technically literally been in the White House
and then that phone rings, she won't go like,
Well, I fuck! What the fuck?
But that's the kind of thing with their talk.
Who do you want to pick up that phone that little white girl sleeping in the room, a black dude?
Then you find out two weeks later that the girl,
the stock footage from a Lionel train ad or some sort of train ad,
like Amtrak or something, and that the girl as a grown-up doesn't endorse the ad.
She actually was working for Obama out of Seattle or some place in the Northwest.
But by that time, Tuesday had to run, so that primary had been run
and he'd already lost that state.
And there were these little upturns all the way through.
Yeah, it's horrible. What the fuck?
We all agree we're not going to vote in this one.
I mean, I'm not going to say that out loud because there's too many kids listening to me
and I don't want to be part of the problem.
I just think that the Republican resources are gone.
They now realize, and it's going to be interesting when it happens,
when they start empowering their informed, their educated youth
to really take control of that campaign.
And the other stop is sort of shit that we can all see,
because even their own constituency now can see this sort of baiting and weirdness that's going on.
I checked out, it was so long ago, it was that big election,
and I voted since then. I voted for Obama.
I was just like, I never want to be that guy.
There's such a terrifying fucking terrorism on this non-vote.
You didn't vote, like your fucking new AIDS cancer asshole fuckface.
So I do turn out because I just want to say, I want to be able to go,
yeah, I did, and I also don't give a shit.
But when I really checked out spiritually and mentally...
Wait, is that this time, Bernie Sanders?
Well, I wish people would vote.
I voted and I don't give a shit.
I don't even know if that guy really exists.
But I like his style.
You are the top 1% of the bottom 45%.
He's certainly singing my tune, and there's always one guy early on that's like,
hey, I'm Mr. Elfman from the trees.
And it's like a big joke, and it's like,
but we always know at the bottom of it all, it's like, for instance,
like, oh yeah, God forbid an atheist Jewish socialist become the president,
because they'd care more about their country than their church.
They'd believe in equality financially, and they'd take their job very seriously.
Like, oh no, the stereotypes associated with these groups.
A Jewish atheist, oh God.
But I don't know if that guy is, I don't know what James was making up,
but I don't know if that guy exists or not.
He's real.
Well, both my mind, my father is a conservative, and we don't really talk politics,
but he's not a dummy, he's not a Rush Limbaugh lunatic,
as far as I'm concerned when people are party-lined right-wingers.
Also, I think I don't like liberals much either.
I don't really like any of that.
There's no good politics for me.
The idea that anybody thinks that they know how everybody else ought to operate
is fucking insanity or dim-witted.
So I think it's foolish to say like, all conservatives are out of their mind,
or all liberals are just a bunch of fucking dickheads.
But that's how people think, and the idea that there's these two polar opposites
duking it out in a ring is nuts.
They're so close to each other, ideologically,
and then we create stupid things to argue about
that really have nothing to do with anything.
We make a big argument, and the right-wing right now seems to have made
a constituency out of crazy.
And there's a huge amount of crazy people that will vote for crazy shit.
Do you think it'll be different?
I was just to finish my point, I was at Seattle Tacoma Airport today
at the Anthony's Fish Place having a Bloody Mary before I got on my plane.
And I was reading my book, and there was a guy next to me,
and I put it on my Instagram, a little video of him.
He was burping and farting and grunting and just making every goddamn thing.
He's farting all over me.
And then he's like...
I said, and also Bartappen, which is my least favorite thing,
and this guy was like 55, maybe 58-ish-ish.
Bartappers drive me up the fucking tree,
and he was a one-man band of just bumming me out.
And I finally moved a stool over when he finally farted a fog around me
and my Bloody Mary, and I moved a seat away.
And I don't think he liked that much.
Then he kind of was engaging everybody, like,
and he had a Boston shirt on, he had a Southern accent,
and he really did sound like it.
He said, you got a Boston shirt.
So what do you think about that Tom Brady verdict?
And the guy's like, I'm a Boston fan.
I thought it was fair, but the guy's like...
Bartender, I got to get out of here.
And the bartender closed him out,
and he announced to the bartender,
I'll do it as loud as he did it,
and the bartender was two and a half feet from him,
and he announced this for you.
And I said, Harmontowne, you would all have heard this at the bar,
and there's music playing and there's an airport,
and there's a band playing over there.
And he goes, well, I don't like y'all's politics,
but that moisture was delicious.
Ah!
And I'm sitting right next to him like...
A political mastermind.
And so the bartender without a beat,
and I don't know that he was gay,
but he had that kind of like polish to him that maybe he was.
And certainly he wasn't like a gruff, jockey,
never-gonna-be-gay guy.
He goes, um...
He goes, uh...
You know, you know, you can't be gay, right?
You know, you can't be gay if you're in sports?
Do you guys know that?
But he goes, what politics are those?
And this guy's like, you know, maybe early 40s.
And he goes, I just mean, you know,
around here it's like, around where?
And the guy's like, do you mean like in Seattle?
Oh, you guys...
And he's like, what's your point?
And he goes, oh, just give me some signs of bill,
and leaves the guy $100 bill.
Because he really just meant the oysters were good.
They weren't that good.
He wasn't gonna stand around Seattle
and not leave a parting shot and say like,
you guys are all a bunch of, like,
women loving fag kissing a bunch of weirdos.
Rootin' tootin', yeah.
Or the opposite of Rootin' tootin'.
No, you guys never Rootin' tootin'.
I'm Rootin' tootin'.
You guys are Vladimir Putin.
Right, right, buddy?
You know what I'm talkin' about.
Anatoly?
Anatoly knows what he's talkin' about.
It's a little inside joke for our Russian friend.
But the thing is, like,
we can't just go around hating 50%
or whatever the populace of people
or the voters are.
We can't all be right and we can't all be wrong.
The idea that we've been polarizing is too...
Yeah, it's silly.
We've been barking that at them
for three years of this podcast
and you and I have been barking at it
since we were their age.
What I wonder is,
now that the country is arguably
in jeopardy,
or maybe as,
you know, because it's been arguably,
it's been supposedly in jeopardy
since way before I was born.
I mean, it was in jeopardy because we were fighting
Anatoly's grandparents.
And it turns out
that was a fuckin' Wizard of Oz
if there ever was one.
The...
There's always by the side, like,
oh, God, the Chinese are buyin' everything.
The Japanese, oh, we owe the France
so much money.
So I can't tell.
I feel like because I'm 42,
I kind of get the sense that actually
we are crumbling now.
But maybe that's...
But if we are,
maybe will we now see
maybe three
political parties?
Maybe four?
Like, major ones? Like, big ones?
Because there's, like, maybe four ways
to think about the future?
How about 50 and 70, like, other countries
that have, like, high IQs?
The history of our country, when we were forming it
and there were, like, a thousand ways
to, like, you know, commit treason
to the British crown, you know?
And there were, like, a lot of fuckin' ways
to think about it.
Yeah, now it's just like, isn't it just a sign
of absolute luxury that we've gone into, like,
are you a lefty or a righty?
Are we just sort of suckin' our thumb
and kind of, like...
The main thing for me, on a style standpoint,
if you just look at America in terms of, like,
if it was a person, would you want to hang out
with that person? The answer is fuckin' no way
you would never hang out with America at a party.
You would fuckin' absolutely be hanging out
and fuckin' like, like, Norway.
You know, like, your friends would be other people.
I'm kind of fascinated with this concert
because it all depends on whether you're inside
or outside this black box.
So, like, if you're inside of it,
my new thing is I just call it King's Landing.
Like, it's kind of...
It's kind of cool in here unless you're, like,
super poor.
So you see they go on a little tour
through King's Landing and there's a lot of people
that say the song hurts.
Um...
Horror, horror, horror!
Bastard!
Uh, like, they're on the edge
and they're on the verge, but, but,
like, there's, you know, like, we're hanging out
and we're, like, trying, I don't know,
there's a concept inside the box
called America that everything
could be super cool.
But, like, yeah, if you zoom out
and look at its relationship with the planet,
then definitely you know, you don't want to hang out
guy with a baseball hat on back wasn't a tribal tattoo. Yeah and but he won't
even be nailed down about that if you if you if it and if you go up to him and
say hey I noticed your baseball cap and your tribal tattoo I take that to mean
you'd like a Coors he might go fuck you you jerk you broke-ass piss of shit
piss of shit like you'd be like what and it's like I'm fancy I'm backwards
cap tribal tattoo fancy pants wait but I thought the yeah well you you don't get
paid to think Germany keep making my Volkswagen's bra yeah you wouldn't you
wouldn't hang out with that guy no you would not
there's it because America if America like went to like out for the evening
America would not go to the opera or to the theater or to it I like this game it
would give a go to it would absolutely be in the second row of a UFC fight
that's where I say I think that's too simple that's too that's that's that
kind of thinking is what gets people like George Bush elected if he can
convince you he's from Texas you know it's like oh we're just simple folk we
just we just like populism and like like popular stuff and if it makes sense like
crushing a bro with a brew or sometimes the other way around it but we're
pissing shit there's a ski there's a scheming like like there's a there's an
underhand in this to it too there's all this snootery and charcuterie
gladden putery we're we're we're new vorice and we're we're we're we're we're
a trailer park beach we're we're we're the end of the Roman Republic it's
exactly where ancient Rome and it's I mean let's not root for it I live in a
big house on a big hill I'm just I'm just keep hoping it's steep enough every
time I climb it and I can't I'm out of breath I hope the same thing is
happening to poor people right now
because if I keep getting fatter and they keep getting thinner this is gonna
make a fun climb for them and I'm gonna be halfway up like eating a cheeseburger
now the poor people in America are pretty fat too right so that's a good
sign and and the two parties the fact that everyone's a big fat baby that's
going like are you this or are you that means that things haven't even begun to
go down yet that's my question is like shit's gonna go down and I'm not one
of these people that's like like like loves like panicking everybody I'm just
like like I would people talk about like super volcanoes and avian flu and
Ebola and and like or even have like political like panic buttons and stuff
like that it's like are you fucking kidding me do you really think that that
is the thing that's gonna happen like like like if tomorrow the dollar was
worth a penny instead of a dollar which isn't that big a difference if tomorrow
you woke up and the dollar was worth a penny you'd have about six hours before
your week would be like different like it wouldn't it would you would be like
like shit would be immediately all over the new everybody would like the
everything would be fucked up six hours and like like you'd be like you wouldn't
be able to call people like like if things would be it would be Armageddon
just because we'd think it was Armageddon because what the fuck is the
dollar except our gift certificate to ourselves for an ice cream we're never
gonna get and as soon as it says we lick it and there's no ice cream flavor on
it we're going to flip a shit bird if that's an expression over the last four
minutes you've coined some doozies well you you better start making up new
languages now because each sector is gonna have their own I'll tell you you're
not gonna go into free fire zone they're all gonna be speaking in amalgam of
Chinese and Mexican I broke up or bar that means I'm holding a thermonuclear
hand grenade you've got me terrified and I'm a pretty easy-going guy you've got
me terrified the moment a dollar is worth a penny that that people will start
crushing bros with bruise right now we crush bruise with bros right that can
flip like the magnetic polarity of the earth like we imagine a world where you
crush bros we can start pissing a shit yeah I don't know you know what is it
with me tonight I think I drank I drank myself in New York into oblivion like
like oh really Dan tell us about it the why how how did that happen how did that
what was someone getting married I well I think I pinched a nerve I scheduled a
doctor's appointment but I got like every once in a while I'm like yeah my
pinky's a little numb like I like I think I drank myself to death and we're
just living out the final hours it's possible and I'm and I'm I'm okay with
it like I I wanted to have kids but like like like after New York that ship is
sales well no no I'm just saying like it's just becoming increasingly like
I'm getting that feeling of like like well either your kids gonna be John
Connor or he's gonna be one of those skulls to put it in strictly terminator
two terms like just to use that movie as an example like like so what are the
odds that my kids gonna end pretty hot that my kid would be John Connor I
agree you don't have to say if anyone was gonna raise the hope of the of society
in Los Angeles like yeah I do think it would be me I do but I don't know if
he'd get the message in time like I don't know he'd be looking at me and go
and like so why are robots bad this guy seems to jerk off to laptops a lot
he's really loves playing Minecraft like why would my son I need to get my shit
together and have a baby so then I can teach him jujitsu and I just I have so
much Minecraft to play I guess my point is if I if I if I were to get so drunk
that I died before I had a baby you might have doomed us to a to a terrible
apocalypse no notice someone else I'll have John Connor it's 9-11 by the way
it took us a few years but we're cheering for 9-11
we just think that was gonna happen in the weeks following the tragedy plus
time yeah think about it with the six months of those buildings falling and
all those people dying thanks for bringing it back to that if somebody
said to you then Dan you and Jeff Davis are gonna be on stage doing a
podcast and when you point to a clock and say it's 9-11 the whole crowd will
cheer what year do you think that will be I don't know you're making me feel
like I'm I don't know it's like the joke is about the number having
significance it's like you're making you're bringing you're tying it to the
corpses in the rubble and I'm I'm out I'm not like it is it is terrible when
people die all the time it always will be but the number being important is
funny it's funny you know it's weird though and again I talked to Professor
Brian Cox and he says it's all just coincidence I've been looking at my
clock and all the time now it's 9 10 really yeah so maybe I'm going back in
time we did have a controversy wait what a controversy now I'm Helen Slater
what are you how drunk are you right now 1 to 10 I this is my well I have
filled it up a couple times when when the lines between political satire and my
ignorance were so blurred that life was a teardrop I I did I did fill this a
couple times but when you drink you can drink a lot of vodka and still be very
articulate thank you that that that's the problem like I I'm saying like in
Portland in New York those those towns are my those are my towns baby I I drank
a lot do you know and get it on with him yep I did it I did it all I did it all
like my definition of it all like I hung out a lot of bars and had a lot of fun
conversations with a lot of wonderful people New York is very friendly I don't
know that now it seems like that's the gimmick I think that's just Dinos New
York Dino knows how to take you through New York and it becomes like this
magical wonderful place where you're just walking into these creepy places and
everyone is so happy it's just New York I well I but I think I mean so maybe
you're like Dino and maybe I'm the odd man out but I like I was always so
intimidated by that city I always felt like it was so like hustle and bustle
and like like like like you're in the way and like you know it's all about
practicality so and more insectoid and like I just like now when I go there like
it's like it's like this honeycomb of dive bars and like everyone's just like
kind of like they don't they they know you're from out of town but they don't
care and they're like happy where did you go radio city musical they have they
have this like lounge in the they'll talk to you and there was a lady there
that kicks for a living and only at Christmas what a city why would they
attack that town I got to see you guys feel how I feel when you bring it to the
actual yeah so boo him you were you were booing him good
they were pulling you I just I was like I just like one little tiny little like
like little cinnamon hot apple from the apple pie of New York that is largely a
blurb it was so fun like sitting at a bar with Dino and and this guy like like
came out of the back room and he was wearing this like he was like eight
feet tall and I guess if you if certainly I wouldn't describe him this way if he
were present but it seemed like it seemed like his head was too small for
his giant body like like like he kind of and he had like this like like sports
jersey on like a like a muscle shirt and like kind of like I don't know he just
had this big giant arms and this little tiny head and and he was just coming out
of the back room and he and he had this furrowed brow and was like looking for
his wallet as he's heading out of the bar and and Dino's in the middle of
talking to people and he goes like oh sorry everybody hold on the guy I paid
to beat the shit out of me is here and and we just all looked at the guy we
started laughing because it really looked like this guy was like job is to
beat you up and we're like yeah it's funny that doesn't look like you're
and he's like what what it looks like you looks like you beat people up for a
living he's like I do a professional boxer why does everybody react to me
that way and I'm like oh and he's like he sat down like let us buy you a drink
he's like I don't drink look at me but he had this like really thick accent and
was like he was it was just like he was he spent the five minutes because I was
like can I get you a power bar or what like it's like reverse bullying this guy
but like loving him and he's like but he's like no seriously it's like fucking
we are like I don't choose this you know like every year it's like my arms keep
getting bigger and we're just dying laughing because we're like because we're
dying and we're laughing this is like a young big strong guy who's like someone
get me out of this body
it's such a I don't I don't I don't see that happening in other cities you know
it's just like like I gotta go to the gym now people beat up more people it's
all I could do I feel like New York is really good like people make eye
constant like they flirt and bars and people talk to each other like people
like there's a lot more stranger interaction I've found and from people
I know that have lived though they say yeah that's that's very appealing and
that's great but like the relationships don't really they're very good at
short kind of superficial like like like short quick fix like relationships and
and hang out so you like there's a lot of that going on but like like dating is
very hard I hear out there and stuff like that it's very transient out there
because it's there's so much going on I don't know if that's true or not you but
maybe we have some New Yorkers here that agree or disagree yeah this is very
busy everybody's just very busy all the time and everything's just kind of moving
so it's hard to keep track of people or over a long period of time yeah people
also like exit they just exit the city at different points so you might be dating
somebody like you know what it's time for me to get out you've been part of a
sort of cutting I've been doing and now now it's time to heal up and go to
Oregon there was once I went back years years ago I went back for it was like
the last before Christmas the last showing of SNL there's a whole week where
we were all back and Josh Vadim was there and James Adamian might have been
there I think Derek Waters was there Jonah Ray was there all these people from
LA just happened to be in town at the same time and it was a Friday night where
we all agreed that we were gonna meet at one bar and then from there go to
another friend of mine the bar that was near a friend of mine in Brooklyn so we
set up this bar and a bunch of great stuff happened leading up to this so it
was already a good night and we get to this bar and it's sort of a yuppie bar
on Delancey Street and we're just hanging out and I'd been there before so I
thought it was a good hangout and right around 11 30 quarter to 12 people started
coming in and going downstairs in the same bar but these people were wrapped
in vinyl one person was leading another person in on all fours and I remember
like at some point Fatem goes where they going gonna go oh there's another great
bar downstairs because I remembered in that moment oh yeah Friday night there's
a dungeon downstairs was it lit was it lit no I think it's it might even be
Delancey Street bar yeah the Delancey that's it so I said so I go Josh it's a
great bar downstairs you should go check it out and Josh went downstairs and then
didn't come back for like an hour and he came back he's like what was going on
just a museum of I had friends that told me years years ago a long time ago like
12 years ago 15 years ago to meet us at a bar in Hollywood that I don't think is
there anymore it's near where Bordner's is and it was like it's changed I think
it's next door to Bordner's it used to be like kind of like a leather club or I
don't know what now but it wasn't that was near that near that place and we go
meet us at this bar and we'll all meet up there and then we'll all go to sort of
thing and it's kind of like a like a like a sexy like SNME kind of themed bar
like fine so we go in there and it wasn't just SNM themed it was fucking on and
there was a there was a guy that I would say you know 30 year old 28 year old
guy on a saw horse like strapped down to like all the legs like like arms and
legs strapped down laying across totally naked and no eye protection and
there was a couple women like working on them with whips and like car batteries
and whatnot and then out of his out of his asshole was half of a very large
hammer well you can tell by the end of it is a claw hammer and but the size of
the head of the hammer and you and only about maybe five inches of it like out
like just there's eight or nine or ten inches of a hammer up that guy's butt wait
what do you okay hold on so you the important thing to me is that the head
of the hammer was that you were looking at okay because you were like it's a claw
hammer and you could tell from the club it was like what was in the I don't know
and you brought me around a place like okay so the handle of the hammers up his
ass okay fine so we sat there drinking and like this guy was getting to the
fucking full
people have a table five needs bread
clean clean up an aisle three how do you know when you're finished how do you
know when you're finished how do you know when you're finished yeah when you
have a hammer up your ass how do you know when you're finished like when does
that guy go got it that's it thank you ladies Tabitha Samantha at the same time
next week he walks out and they're like oh shit our hammer I mean either I'm
more hammers that way the fascinating thing about that stuff is a leg when
Dino when Dino has experiences there is a I think it's okay for me to say this
without drawing like either jeers or cocked eyebrows or anything because I
think that I've assumed that's what that 50 shades of great businesses are
increasing awareness that we are a little jealous of of people who are able
to have heightened like and and I think if you're a human being like like
heightened sexuality if that does involve like crazy shit that we would
look at as being way distant from prom night like that that that it's like
almost like well yeah cuz like wolves can do prom night like it's like I'm a
wolf and I haven't had sex yet the female wolves like me neither so here we go
okay we're done oh you got pregnant let's have more normal wolves like like
whereas there are some people out there that are like you know and the internet
has made them more able to do it through with control and safety and like like
well still like I don't know they just have this whole fucking like network and
crazy like there and I swear like like I it's not it's not gonna work for me I'm
going to migrate very happily like like like kissing Aaron and like sometimes
coming and like making a baby then like I'm gonna tell him do the same thing but
if he doesn't find like like like like but but like I do see the nobility like
or the I definitely don't look down on it what people are like like like the
Dino like he has adventures like he has like like he like he tells one person
this thing and then he tells that they make agreements like you're gonna meet
her in the hotel bar he lied to a dominatrix did he tell the story on the
show yeah he did I don't you know that's like the dishonesty thing but but I'm
talking about like the I'm talking about like the role-playing thing where it's
like you could agree in advance and you can go like like he did this thing in
New York where he had one person that he knew from from one part of the world and
another print and they were one was a Dom and one was a sub and he told them like
like he was explaining to me over drinks he's like here's what I did I told them I
gave him my hotel room keys and I told them you're gonna I'm gonna go to this
adult swim thing you guys are gonna meet in my hotel room they've never met
before you guys pow wow about whatever you want to do to me when I get back to
the room I don't know I don't know how you're gonna interact with each other or
what you're gonna do Dino is just like gonna go have dinner hang out and then
while I went to the up front and learned about marketing and demographics and
watched a Miley Cyrus performance Dino went back to his hotel room where two
women you know had agreed to do secret things to his body that were like he
didn't know if he was good when he was gonna walk in there if he was gonna be
attacked and told that he was a pig and tied up and blah blah blah or if he was
gonna walk in and one woman was gonna have the other woman's woven in a web
and hanging from like a lord of the rings cocoon you know like I'm going
like like she's in there but like he didn't know and so and then I and I
never I never asked him because they didn't really that that stuff I was
fascinated with like the preparatory period and then the next day I saw him
and it was like how'd it go he's like it was great like but he knew going into it
that it could have been a disaster that's the other weird thing is like the
acceptance of like part of our mythology of sex is like oh it's supposed to
always be good like like it's like dessert when like like actually it's
like an intermingling of the human like the animal you know and like it's like
that that that idea that search commercial idea that romance equals sex
equals always infatuated equals all that stuff that that could be responsible
for a very high divorce rate because you look across the table at breakfast at
this person that you haven't felt animalistic about in 10 years and why
should you out of respect to her feel that way and now all of a sudden because
you saw a stupid rom-com the other night you think that means you're not in love
with her which isn't true you know there just might need to be communication
about what makes your little wee wee dance around and what and maybe like what
what makes you little wee wee dance around and maybe what scares you what
you think might be a trick what make your little wee wee dance around what
kind of music make sure and what sort of dances as a foxtrot or a merengue my
final thesis is those guys are I'm sure there's a lot of douchebags among those
people but there I perceive them as existing on a slightly higher more
evolved level because I think that if we're all gonna survive in a world where
our kids are able to like look at the internet and like how do people raise
children like we're becoming like that this myth that like well when a man
likes a lady they go in the bedroom and then they she takes off her clothes he
loves what he sees when he drops his pants and she's like wow and then she
lays back and then he goes in there and he's just like root and they both love
it and like well you know we we used to think she didn't have to love it but now
we know as of the 70s if she loves it it increases the chance of conception because
her caramel glide his right into the egg and that's how sex it doesn't like
worst the people who are talking about like you know you should you should you
should dress like a leprechaun man I want you to dress like a leprechaun and I
don't I don't want to know when you're coming for my gold I'm just gonna keep
gold in my kitchen and I'm a and wear pants with it with the dick cut out and
like but take three days surprise shock me scare the shit out of me and be like
where's me gold and like and then fucking get on me and make my limp dick
hard like cuz I'll be like that's a leprechaun like make it hard make it
hard unless I say tequila let's be honest how many how many little
weebies are dancing around right now a couple polite shows of hands there like
I do a girl that her job she gets paid quite a quite a good deal of money
there's this billionaire that she works for apparently is quite good looking and
very successful and a nice guy and seems well adjusted but her job is to
humiliate him on like kind of grand grand scale and like she's also supposed
to like fuck him in the butt with a big strap on his stuff at the end of the
whole she's bang but before that happens she's supposed to do high concept
humiliation and so one of the ones that she did and he's like and like here's a
blank check like like like like like remake Star Wars and put my name on it
$85 million this is a this is terrible he's like I don't know I thought if the
robots were rounder I don't know all right well that was a goodie thanks so
much what a what an orgasm back to work tomorrow morning one of the what she did
he got off a plane and she had like a team of people as his cast of people and
he doesn't know what it is and he gets off the plane and it was a car waiting
for him and it's a his publicist is there it's all fake he's greeted by his
publicist his agent and he's going to he's going to a high-fashion photo shoot
and he goes to this office building and he's told that he has to go do it he's
a supermodel and this guy's not a supermodel and waiting in the waiting
room are the best-looking men in the world like like a super good-looking
guys and they're all going in there and he has to watch them do what he's about
to do and that's he has to get naked but then they dress him up like a little
like I forget what the costumes were but everybody there like everyone he met
that day all had to watch him do something and the whole thing was just
completely to like diminish him and to make him feel horrified and like take
his clothes off and dance around like I'm like dressed up as little boopeep I
don't know what the fuck it was but like she's like the hard part is like you
got to keep coming up with these fucking these easy parts fucking them in the
yeah I nice work if you can get it get it if you try I would never want that
job yeah but I admire I that's great like I because obviously the people who
do it successfully and get paid to do it they're there it's like we live in a
world where you can't make a lawn toy without you know consumer advocacy
oversight like like and like we don't have a lot of fatalities and emotional
casualties of like the sex service industry and we know that it's a big
industry and so what we know is that even though it's mostly unregulated like
there's a lot of very responsible independent agents out there that threw
nothing but their primal understanding of this is part of a fantasy I paid Jeff
to help
it's supposed to be my show stop dancing if I'm going like this and you go
like that yeah no I know what happens I'm explaining to them first syllable in
dancing is Dan to mark you've been quiet one thing you can touch on is like
the people here because in my experience with it I have a lot of friends who go
in to cross that line into that but they they don't they don't know that until
it happens it sort of happens accidentally to them and they have these
stories and they tell you yeah that they didn't know that they had that part I
had a friend who's a writer very accomplished writer who went to a party
once in Boston I think in a like a weird sort of loft party in Boston and was
milling about talking to people and wandered around to look at the place
and walked into a room all four walls of the room had murals of Lucille ball
painted on them and then the door shut behind him and there was was a woman in
there who was I think it was her place and she was a dominatrix and she said
who asked you to come into this room and then she said who told you to come in
this room and he said no nobody and then she put him in a rack pulled a rack
down from the ceiling and put him in he's telling me this story and I'm
listening he gets into this rack she straps him up in this thing and there's
no suspension in the middle so he's sort of his body is his hell but the middle
of his body is drawn down and it's discomforted and she raises him up to
the ceiling so that he can see all four murals basically at the same time and
there's all this pressure and she walks out of the room shuts the door locks it
and leaves she doesn't let him out until the morning and he comes down and he's
so this happened on like a Friday or Saturday this is Thursday when he's
telling me this and I was like you realize that every point of that you had
to you could have outgunned her and walked around they got out of the room
you got into the rack and he just goes yes and there are other examples of
just friends of mine who've just said you're not gonna believe what happened
to me Thursday and then they told the story and it's just you know it's you
know these things sometimes people don't know and then they and they just have
it in them I think it it just is in them and they don't maybe go to it
regularly I think that's true because I I will lay myself bare as much as I can
here and say like I've never I've never done anything like that however at 42
what I have done is gone through a bunch of relationships where I was very much
in charge and then a couple where things got a little sketchy and a little hurt
a little hurtful where I got abraded a little bit and I like I don't I don't know
if this makes me scarred or healthy or it's like is this what I was always into
because you always hear people talking about like like like Dino says like it's
not about the it's not about like a heart out of the moment it's not like it's
not it's like a whole this is whole experience and then you jerk off to it
later to quote Dino about this stuff like Dino so things like you do you do
you get off and he's like no never it's like it's all for for jerk enough for
the rest of your life thinking about that right and so and so then I think okay
you jerk off for the rest of your life thinking about that and then I think well
what have I jerked off to the rest of my life thinking about and some of those
things have been very emotionally painful like I think and I don't know if
it's like distancing you know pornography can be very can be very misogynistic
maybe once in a while male pornographers don't take the ladies feelings into
account there are there are there are lots of self self self-employed female
pornographers out there who are the heroes of the new information age
because of the first people to monetize the internet and their millionaires and
their they don't have pimps and they're not they don't exist in a world where
they're ruled and they're they're doing what they they like but pornography's
history does have a trace of misogyny to it and and I and I wonder how much of
that has to do with the fact that men are like these brutes who like we exert
all this control based on like this instinctive fear and need and then it's
like getting hurt getting getting like getting victimized getting taken advantage
of you know it's not like I don't I'm sorry are you saying that I'm saying
there are memories that you have that were sexual memories but that were still
hurtful I don't I'm sick no no no I'm saying that I have I have in the past
like throughout my life I've seen a pattern and I like where I like I will
masturbate thinking about ex-girlfriends that I do not like that like like you're
cheating on me that's what I'm saying like like like like a cuckold like like like thing
like but I know from my life experience that I don't like that I don't want that
to happen to me but then so I don't know if when I'm like am I exhibiting a need
during masturbation to distance myself from what I'm thinking about so that it
can be animalistic appropriately that's how I've always parsed it it's like when
you're masturbating you don't want it to be you don't want to think about the
royal wedding I hope I hope in spite of her low-born upbringing that Princess
Dye is happy in this marriage and I hope he really makes love to her tonight I
you you you think about people being animals you know you think about the
taboo and so I don't know if that's just like a personal expression of that or
you just like like well look I want to this is this is about self-indulgence and
this is about like like part of that trigger is like things I'm not supposed
to be thinking about what if your ex-girlfriend was cheating on you with
Prince Charles she is and you're not supposed to say it we're all gonna die
tonight but courtesy of Her Majesty's somewhat untrained but still very
effectual Secret Service sorry what we're gonna say to Orange I just I mean
that kind of sexuality is targeted I think when you're when you're thinking
that way and it's psychologically it based if you subscribe to that but also
neurologically it's Olympic and that's and that system kind of acts on its own
it sort of bridges that gap between sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous
systems and so you can do targeted thinking you can find and it actually
does I think isolate the things that you're concerned the narrative aspects
of it but kind of pushes them out it edits them out and it just sort of is
the node is those things that trigger those dendrites and make those things
make all those things move I just like them big old titties what if you had
17 of them brought to you by Frito a brings it all around that's not no
that's not how the show ends you can't force it to add no you don't get to pick
the ending of the show I know you have school tomorrow we don't end before 10
ever I hate it I don't want to end the show I don't I want to bring out as a
Spencer replacement but not he's not gonna guide us through GND unless he
wants to but he probably won't my other assistant Steve Levy
what up Steve
you can choose if you sit there or sit in the Spencer seat
hello my favorite thing about Steve is he's the opposite of Spencer is that
right yeah you're very clean shaven and very nervous not the Spencer's not
nervous I mean you and you care about me yeah I do yeah Spencer does as well
Spencer does not care about me if if I if Spencer and I were somehow locked
alone in a home and I died like like the dog would eat my face first the cat
third Spencer suck it I don't know about that he's a I'm just he doesn't he
doesn't he but I'm saying you're a compassionate what is the division of
labor between these two assistants like I will tell you so just one hunt and one
gather so I used to I used to have Daniella who then she got pregnant she
raised her kid in the in the office and like I mean she I did my best to be a
part of this modern workplace where like we don't provide women with any kind of
like acknowledgement that that maternity is part as part of health care blah
blah blah points points ladies thank you
the but but I mean so I was you know there's a crib next to my desk and like
I didn't change the diapers but I took a lot of Instagrams of the baby everything
a modern boss should do but even still making making your employee bring the
baby to work not not maternity leave no she had maternity leave oh there you
okay that's that's that's that's not enough lately baby was of a certain age
it's child care I mean once you have a baby the child needs care we tell we
tell parents that they both have to work and then we but we also
simultaneously tell them like oh yeah you should definitely have kids like it's
and then when a mother has a baby it's like we act like they got the flu we're
like oh okay so go home for a while come back when you're better which means you
can hire a nanny it's and if you can't afford that I your 99% of everybody then
you're like what are you doing and so in our case the baby was like in a drawer
and I their faces are so smooth at that point like they make really great mouse
pads for the for the laser tracking ones not the old ball ones because they get
they're like pugs they have accumulated right this is wasn't why I wanted to
bring this up Daniela eventually had to leave by virtue of the call you know
it's like she was like you know I feel like I'm being a bad assistant and a bad
mother and obviously I'm gonna choose to be a good mother so she's Spencer filled
that first hole right well sometime along when when Spencer filled the first
hole and you never forget that while she was a claw hammer while she was when
she got pregnant I started to feel guilty about making her go to Toys R Us to
buy video games like you answer the phones like like like do appointments and
all this stuff you're the clerical assistant like you know that's what you
do appointments because this is a big this is a big job like like full-time
job for old popular man right right lots of people I want to interview me and
it's true yeah vanity fair I'm sure or something so at that point brought
Spencer on because Spencer was the back room of the Apple Store and so okay so
Spencer's gonna slap he's gonna be like a bee assistant if I need to go if I
need video games he'll go get him if I need like a headphone you know he'll
slap if you need an eye-harmon fashion till he'll do that for you
hill like hell yeah he'll like he'll tell till fill the bar at home or like you
know like like the the schleppy personal assistant stuff and then the
business assistant that's the division I yeah I guess that's that's sort of how
it is but Spencer does a lot more he's been helping me a lot of in a lot of
ways fuck that guy well he does is go to Toys R Us no I wasn't I didn't mean it
sounds like I thought it sounded like both of you do a lot I wouldn't want to
schlep or fucking handle it I was just playing and Jeff boy I'm getting drunk
so when Daniela left and she helped me find like she her last act is one of
the greatest assistants in the world she took her baby out of the drawer
we find yes I said your baby and your gun and she put them on the table I took
them I don't know why I guess it's just part of like she's on suspension I guess
but Daniela if I catch her pursuing this case you're getting you're getting too
close to this baby I want you have this baby but and then and then we I
interviewed a bunch of candidates and one of them was Steve and that's that
Steve's role he's the new Daniela whereas Spencer is like just like kind of
like he's like he's a he's like a shoe he's a chauffeur he has to drive me
everywhere because I still don't have a car that's Spencer and then yes good does
he provide any bodyguard service he's big he's a big fella he's got that wolf
that wolf kick defense thing yeah I feel like Spencer adds I think I think if
you got attacked by any group of anything be they thugs or or wolves or
anything I think Spencer might just like tap into some weird reservoir of rage
really fucking hurt people I'm sure yeah I think between me and Spencer you know
like if a very very small unarmed preteen girl
you're kind of like running Dangerfield and I forget the actress name Lou Bert
Young back to school all right anyway so Steve so so I just Spencer's not here
so I thought I'd bring you up and we'd get to know you and that's all good I'm
getting text Steve what's the names names some of the what's the most
satisfying element of being a Harmon assistance oh so Aaron's actually also
maybe my I thought it was obvious that I don't I value Spencer a lot as Aaron's
like warning me that sounds like I don't think Spencer does anything I would say
I would say I would say to balance things out a little bit say something nice
about Spencer because you I mean the guy who couldn't bother to be here he's
amazing that's not fair and the next time he's here I'm gonna crush him
Spencer if you're out there and I hope you are the show is called Harmon's
Town but no matter when Greg Poops came on or Ryan Styles or someone somebody
made a dig on Spencer fucking a sacred territory oh man no way yeah why do you
think I hate him no no no I'm kid it's I he's my son what do you want me to say
he's my son what do you want me to say tell him you love him tell your son you
love him I don't know what love is I have hired him to help me find out you're
being a he does a very good job he's you're being the great Dantini right now
you're being I mean instinctive shot I feel if I just I what I do what why is
it wouldn't what do you like about him name a couple things that you like about
him and then they're valuable to you the same thing as them is beard and he's
funny flannel shirt and it's like May you know you consider do you consider a
friend a pal definitely yeah I only have like three friends you know like yeah if
you and Dino like stop hanging out with me I'd be like Dana Gould and he'd be
like hey Dan what's going on I'd be like yeah remember 1995 when we said we'd
hang out so yes Spencer's my friend but I guess I I guess I undersold that it's
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna pressure you because you were having a difficult time
expressing affection no it's not the highest government is an actual high
compliment he's I what he's he's he's my I see myself in him and I respect him
and even that's not a good enough compliment cuz you know that's a good
comment he's not like a mini me or anything like that like he's like I
just like you know I like him and I feel I feel very comfortable with him
that's the thing when he comes and picks me up like I've talked about that
before like I don't have like he and I are in the same wavelength or lack of it
like like like other other people like there's always that inevitable point
where it's like I'm fine with the fact that I haven't said that you're doing a
good job for the last four weeks but are you you know I warned you about that
when I interviewed you yeah but is Spencer's one of the most charming
genuine moral people I think I've ever met and that's just part of the allure
yeah like for example so here here so this might really embarrass Marissa I
hope it doesn't but but she when she was she was visiting she was she was here
for all this while she was getting her she was doing her post-productive thing
Marissa was a she she's the first person to ever do a blog about us she was
like she was the she's the number one absolute of course yeah yeah beyond
community fan she's like a she's like a she was like a Dan Harmon fan before
that was a thing and like and as a delightful young lady and like like
really like like like smart and cool and balanced and and she came to our
wedding and like I mean she's she's like a friend she's not like she's more than
a fan she's like a friend and she she she was in LA like getting her degree in
post-production and I brought her over to community and we were hanging out we're
doing the stuff and like we're all like let's go let's go out and get a drink and
all this stuff and Marissa's like I gotta pack up my shit I got my truck full of
shit and all this stuff blah blah blah she like Marissa's coming to meet us at
this restaurant to have a drink and she was moving that day all their stuff was
packed in her car she gets in this terror well not terrible but like like like I
mean all it was a scary in a car accident like it was and she's freaking out
because she's young and like like like every anyone freaks out when they get a
car accident but your first one and you're out of town and your shit's in the
back seat and like you don't you're just you she was like she was really
freaking out and Spencer and Steve ran over there and like Steve I didn't fucking
go I was like she was like a block from the restaurant and I was like Steve
Spencer they're like your angels to your Charlie tell her tell her I'll cover
cover the insurance bill whatever you know like I'll like throw money at shit
but I'm not like I don't have a heart I'm a horrible heartless villain and it's
not true and these guys ran over I thank you I'll you get a bonus for this
saying that the the but but anyways but that just talking about like Spencer's
like Spencer puts his money where his mouth is in terms of a personality
because like he Steve's account of it was like not only did Spencer go over
there and help out but actually like at every every accident scene there's like
the very little flaw in our justice system where it's like two people collide
no one knows who fault it is like two civil servants show up that's traumatic
yeah two people are traumatized like two guys with badges and guns show up and
they basically are a judge jury like that's basically ends with them like
they have to get out of the car like make their decision Spencer was so like
they were so taken with Spencer that he's so he was so warm and like yeah it's
I'm pretty sure like we all have our qualities like like they're kind of our
lead qualities and also I think that we're all good people but I don't I don't
I don't know very many people thank you I don't know very many people that the
lead quality that would say about them I know some but Spencer is one of the
few people I know that I would the first quality I say he's good Spencer is a
good person and like not that we're not good people but he leads with good and
he's and you said it Steve that he's a moral person I think that he has an
intense moral compass which I think is very yeah he wants to do the right thing
and he thinks about that a lot he doesn't want to do the popular thing he
doesn't want to even do the thing I think I fall short of that where I'm like
what do most people think is the right thing I want to do that if they're
looking Spencer doesn't hesitate Spencer knows what's the right thing Spencer is
like he doesn't give the panhandlers but does jump out of his car to give to the
people that are going through recycling bins getting shit even though they might
tell him to go fuck himself because they didn't ask for anything but he's giving
them money because he's you know he's like puzzling through in his head like
how do you actually use your pocket change to like help society actually
that sounds kind of draconian and like and randish but but but but but I mean
he thinks about morality he thinks about being a good person and he and he
also like yeah he like I could picture him like I would I would fucking like
that's why I didn't go over there I'm like there's gonna be hysterical people
getting out of cars pointing at each other and shrieking this is your fault
no it's your fault and there's gonna be two douchebag cops who like don't don't
know what to do but they're gonna file their little report and all this shit's
gonna be handled by insurance companies and I don't want anything to do with
this shit just tell me who to write to check out to and I don't fucking care
Spencer went over there with his little cargo shorts and his flannel shirt
it's probably the reason why the cops were basically like you know it's probably
the other ladies fault because because she was screaming bloody murder and
Marissa was like traumatized and freaking out have this lady like
shrieking at her well not at her but like about her to the cops and and like
but Spencer was just like I don't well you were there yeah yeah first thing I
saw was you know Marissa was noticeably upset and her car was totaled like it
was destroyed and Spencer like the first thing he did he walked over and he gave
her this big hug and he's like it's gonna be okay you know like we're gonna
whatever whatever happens like you know you're you're healthy and you know it's
a vehicle it's aluminum I don't know what is it aluminum steel aluminium yeah
he's like you know you're everything's gonna be okay and she you know she's
just had all these things going through her head like you know how am I pay for
all this I gotta get a new car like it's always me that's the answer I'm gonna
pay for it that's my morality and Spencer is centers like well one thing at
a time you know like let's let's get through this whole process with the
police and I know this woman's like an insane person right now and she won't
even talk to you she wasn't she wouldn't even look at Marissa's face like Marissa
would say like I'm you know I'm sorry trying to like talk to this woman so
they can like come to some kind of an agreement but she wouldn't even talk to
her it was really terrible but Spencer is there through the whole thing and the
cops showed up and if I ever got a car accident I would want somebody who's
good at logic and maps to go well there's no way the car could have gone
there because the car cars only moves at this rate per second like but Spencer
was like that so he examined before the cops even got there he examined the
damage of Marissa's car and the woman's car of course he did and and he and he
was like okay Marissa like well like like take me through it like what what
happened you know and so she was like you know this guy I was in the left most
lane and the guy it was we're at a red light and the guy waved me on because I
had my blinker on to turn to get into the next lane and she so this guy was
stopped and Marissa went into the next lane he you know he held up traffic for
her to move on and her car I guess like she you know she looked and she said
another blinker to move into the to the right most lane and this car just whizzed
up and just nailed her and so this Spencer looked at the damage and he goes
she was definitely speeding or texting like you know like you know he so you
know Spencer CSI yeah it's the kind of thing she was like you know I shouldn't
have cut across two lanes but Spencer's like but for the amount of damage that
happened here she was doing something illicit like there's something wrong and
then the cops came and they Marissa was totally honest with them you know I cut
across three like two lanes or whatever it was and they're like yeah you should
you shouldn't do that but at the same time they were like ma'am were you looking
at your phone were you texting no I was texting you know like just from Miami it
was legal there until last year you could like look at your phone or like text on
your phone just a crazy place don't go to Miami
well leavey but right so aside from noticing how awesome Spencer is yeah
your your your talents include helping me edit like the last half of season 6 of
community because I was fucking checked out this guy's awesome he doesn't have
anybody here to say what about Steve Levy that's why I wanted to bring him
up yeah fuck Spencer that's what you're saying oh wait so it's not Dan I think
you told me that there are times when you were like like I'm I'm tired and you
let Steve take the wheel like you he took the helm sometimes absolutely why
don't want him to get blamed this season 6 season 6 sucks I don't get in trouble
with a guild or a union or something no no but I'm saying like I'm saying there
were times when I would have phoned it in and then like like like Steve had that
enthusiasm which is also like Chris McKenna before him and Ruthie Aslan the
editor like I am I am at the mercy of people who at the moment of my
exhaustion and the point where I'm reading the 700th tweet that's like you
know pushing me like out the door where I'm just like I don't know who cares it's
funny enough it's good enough for the there's always there's someone else that
goes like yeah but what if you did this and like like Ruthie and Steve and and
and and I mean it's just in the edit bay like like there at the end and our other
editors in case they're listening JP and Billy and also the hairdresser but you
know it was awesome to have somebody because you I'm never gonna say to
somebody come to the edit bay with me you said hey I'm interested in that okay
good come in here and then you were like what if you did that instead and there's
like by the way I have never said this to you now that we're done there's a lot
of hazing that happens when that when you do that like the editors out of
protection for the whole thing like they weren't they weren't too coy about like
oh no if you if you had been capable of being shamed into silence they would
have found that well at first I was I was terrified of saying anything but
they were like a couple bits in grifter where you're like I really wanted to
work this way but I don't know I like I can't I can't think I don't like right
now in this moment I don't know how to make it work and then I was like what if
you did that and then yeah did you like Hugh Jackman take your shirt off and
like to start editing with both hands
no not not quite I love both my children that's diminishing they're both
they're both adult males damn yeah and I'm really old and about to die I should
have adult males for children are you comfortable Steve in the role of
Dan son sure yeah Steve what's your what's your what's your goal like what
are you aiming towards you have you seem like you're probably an ambitious
fellow in your in your own way I guess it like producing or directing television
film TV for now I guess yeah great yeah so far so good it's it's been an amazing
process and Dan's a phenomenal boss for all the haters out there fuck you you're
wrong what what do you mean there's haters well okay so so
no no but like when people when people ask me like lay it on him Steve this is
the forum this is the forum for this no he needs to hear it this is better to
come from no I'm saying he needs to hear from his own son I'm not going to the
dark side dad no I dance dance amazing he people ask me like what do you do I'm
like I'm an assistant oh yeah everyone's an assistant you're assisting Dan
Harmon and then it's like oh what's that like you know it's like why is it have
that negative connotation this is the best job I've ever had you know and I
I worked like a lot of jobs in this town in the industry and you say that until
you have one night you're on a saw horse with a hammer up
cliffhanger now that's an ending Steve Levy everybody welcome to the
family Steve pleasure to have you here learn more about him as the time goes
by it's a nice little introduction DeMorge Brown Spencer Crittenden
here but his ghost is James Hadoumi and a senator Bernie Sanders everybody
here at Meltdown Dustin Marshall producer Zach everybody I'm Jeff Davis or
control here your mayor is Dan Harmon everywhere Chris on the cameras back
there yep let's go crush some bros let's go crush some bruise did you get
any of that